>> Jem: So engineX is running, it's
responding with the basic 404 page but
you know we actually wanna make
it respond to real requests.
Actually hit a real live node server,
so first we're going to install git.
All right,
I am not gonna explain what git is,
I hopefully everybody
knows what git is by now.
And then we're gonna install nodejs and
npm.
This is important,
make sure you installed nodejs, not node.
Node is a completely different package.
It's used like for analyzing radio
frequency, telemetry or something.
So you're gonna install node and you'll
wonder why it's not running anything,
it's because they got there first, they
own the package name node in the repo.
But so go ahead on your server,
sudo apt-get install git.
And then sudo apt-get install nodejs npm.
Or you can do it all at once.
You can do sudo apt-get install nodejs and
npm.
I'm probably just gonna do it all at once.
>> Jem: So sudo apt-get, whoops,
let me clear this out
>> Speaker 2: Git was already
installed on 16.10 for me.
>> Jem: Nice.
>> Speaker 2: Some people might get.
>> Jem: I think you're correct.
Awesome, that makes it shorter.
So we'll just install nodejs.
And we're gonna install
npm along with that
>> Jem: And continue.
>> Jem: Awesome.
So my node is installed, so
I'm just gonna verify so
I can type in nodejs --version and
I'm on 4.2.6.
>> Jem: Which is okay,
it's a little old but it'll do for
what we need in this instance.
>> Speaker 2: Just to clarify the site's
available we were just looking at
that right,
we didn't actually do anything in there?
>> Jem: We didn't do anything,
we were just looking at it.
Good question though.
>> Speaker 2: So
later if we did wanna install Apache,
do we have uninstall Engine X, or do
that command with stop instead of start?
>> Jem: Yeah.
You just stop it.
You can keep it on your machine.
And you can actually have
both if you wanted to.
But yeah, you can just stop it, or you can
remove it and then just install Apache.
>> Speaker 2: But is there a easy command
for upon installing to the command line?
>> Jem: Sudo apt-git remove I
believe Engine X and that'll do it.
But if you're installing Apache,
are you installing PHP or anything?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I wanna do a LAMP.
>> Jem: Okay,
I don't know off the top of my head but
I want to say there is a package
that will do it all for you.
Maybe it's Build Essentials might No,
Build Essentials just
gives you the compilers.
>> Speaker 2: Right, there is a way
>> Jem: You need those, you do need those.
Yeah, I want to say there probably is
a package that does it all for you.
I'll have to look it up later, but
cuz it's an extremely common package,
the Apache, MySQL and PHP.